Deriv API logo
API explorer
Documentation
Deriv tech
Bug bounty
Dashboard
EN
Home

Dashboard

Edit application

App’s name
Enter the name of the application you want to register:

netoacademy
Only alphanumeric characters with spaces and underscores are allowed.
The name can contain up to 48 characters.
The name cannot contain “Binary”, “Deriv”, or similar words.

Markup
Add a markup to the price of each trade to help you earn a commission. Enter your markup percentage below. Learn more about markup calculations in our detailed documentation.

Markup is only available for real accounts and trading applications.


3
%

OAuth settings
Log in to your app using your Deriv account without an API token. With OAuth, third-party applications can securely authorise access without requiring password sharing, enhancing both security and user control.

Use OAuth if your application requires other users to sign in.
Redirect URL is mandatory to enable OAuth on your app.

URL Configuration
To set up OAuth for your app, specify the URL where users should be redirected after authorisation.

https://bye-boots-yacht-dynamic.trycloudflare.com/callback
If your app includes verification logic, enter the email verification URL below (e.g. for account opening, verification, and password reset):

https://bye-boots-yacht-dynamic.trycloudflare.com/callback
Once set, this URL can't be removed, but you can update it anytime. We'll use it for email verification. If left blank, we'll use the redirect URL instead.

Scopes of authorisation
Select the scope for your app:


Read:You'll have full access to your clients' information.


Trade:You'll be able to buy and sell contracts on your clients' behalf.


Trading information:You'll be able to view your clients' trading information, including their account balance.


Payments:You'll be able to perform deposits and withdrawals on your clients' behalf.


Admin:Full account access, including the access to manage security tokens.

Grant admin access only when it's essential for your app's workflow.


Cancel


Update application